================================================================================

   Plutocracy

=== Introduction ===============================================================

This is an SVN development version and has not officially been released. There
is no guarantee of compatibility or that it will even compile!

Please report bugs to the project issue tracker:
http://plutocracy.googlecode.com/

=== GPL License ================================================================

Plutocracy (including both source code and media) is licensed under the terms
of the GNU General Public License (GPL) version 2 or (at your option) any later
version. There are some exceptions for specific files however (see below).

The full text of the license may be found in the COPYING file.

=== CC License Exceptions ======================================================

The following files are licensed under the CREATIVE COMMONS ATTRIBUTION-
SHAREALIKE 2.5 LICENSE. The full license text is contained in the file named
CC. Please read http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.5/ to learn
more about this license.

The following files are derived from files originally from the Tremulous
project, authored by Robin 'Overflow' Marshall, Mike 'Veda' McInnerney, and
Paul 'MoP' Greveson:

        models/blender/granger.blend
        models/test/granger.plum

=== Bitstream Vera Fonts =======================================================

The following files fall under the license from Bitstream, Inc reproduced below:

        gui/fonts/VeraMoBd.ttf

Copyright (c) 2003 by Bitstream, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Bitstream Vera is a
trademark of Bitstream, Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
the fonts accompanying this license ("Fonts") and associated documentation
files (the "Font Software"), to reproduce and distribute the Font Software,
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, merge, publish,
distribute, and/or sell copies of the Font Software, and to permit persons to
whom the Font Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright and trademark notices and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies of one or more of the Font Software typefaces.

The Font Software may be modified, altered, or added to, and in particular the
designs of glyphs or characters in the Fonts may be modified and additional
glyphs or characters may be added to the Fonts, only if the fonts are renamed
to names not containing either the words "Bitstream" or the word "Vera".

This License becomes null and void to the extent applicable to Fonts or Font
Software that has been modified and is distributed under the "Bitstream Vera"
names.

The Font Software may be sold as part of a larger software package but no copy
of one or more of the Font Software typefaces may be sold by itself.

THE FONT SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF COPYRIGHT, PATENT,
TRADEMARK, OR OTHER RIGHT. IN NO EVENT SHALL BITSTREAM OR THE GNOME FOUNDATION
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL,
SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO
USE THE FONT SOFTWARE OR FROM OTHER DEALINGS IN THE FONT SOFTWARE.

Except as contained in this notice, the names of Gnome, the Gnome Foundation,
and Bitstream Inc., shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote
the sale, use or other dealings in this Font Software without prior written
authorization from the Gnome Foundation or Bitstream Inc., respectively. For
further information, contact: fonts at gnome dot org.

================================================================================
